TELCODOCS-776: First draft (#60666)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nvidia-gpu-red-hat-device-edge.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * architecture/nvidia-gpu-architecture-overview.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="nvidia-gpu-red-hat-device-edge_{context}"]
= GPUs and Red Hat Device Edge

> Red Hat Device Edge provides access to MicroShift. MicroShift offers the simplicity of single-node deployment with the functionality and services you need for computing in resource-constrained (edge) locations. Red Hat Device Edge addresses the needs of bare metal, virtual, containerized, or kubernetes workloads deployed to resource constrained environments.
> 
> You can enable NVIDIA GPUs on containers in a Red Hat Device Edge environment.
> 
> You use GPU passthrough to access the containerized GPUs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Red Hat Device Edge provides access to MicroShift. MicroShift provides the simplicity of a single-node deployment with the functionality and services you need for resource-constrained (edge) computing. Red Hat Device Edge meets the needs of bare-metal, virtual, containerized, or Kubernetes workloads deployed in resource-constrained environments.

You can enable NVIDIA GPUs on containers in a Red Hat Device Edge environment.

You use GPU passthrough to access the containerized GPUs.
```
